Nothing happened on 25.04.2571 on Bungalow Station 12 round 240.
I HATE JILL NESS I HATE JILL NESS
NEVER FORGET. 14/05/2021. THE DAY GOD KILLED OUR ONLY ANGEL.
Mining and station 13. 猫女事件. 22.05.2571. 蛾和猫杂交. information classified. 没有幸存者，有很多人员伤亡. uwutism outbreak incident. 摧毁日本. Religious experimentation. 为鲜血神采血. "Frisky Kitty" NSV Meowdical Response Frigate.
As the Secretary, your job is to communicate! Talk with everyone. You're the 911 operator.
As the Secretary, don't feel scared to go offstation! You may be more useful there.
As the Secretary, deploy your shelter whenever there is no comms so you and everyone on your Z-level can speak with the crew.
All heads and the secretary get access to the Telecomms control room. If someone fucks up the NTSL, it's everyone's job to go fix it
Void Technician's job is to find things in space. Explore! Find sleepers, Cloners, and the TEG.
Here, the Quartermaster is a head of staff.
Miners sometimes get guns. Don't confiscate the clearly labeled mining guns. They don't fire on station.
As the Genecist and Chemist, you answer to either the CMO or RD depending on which department you are in
Chemists and Pharmacists have different jobs for the same tools. Chemists research medicines, and Pharmacists manufacture medicines
Even if you are the captain, you still need the Lawyer to write up the execution papers and the CMO to send herself or a medical professtion to perform the execution. Without this, the admins may message you.
Make sure the warden and HOS use the security Specialist kit. It can make all the difference.
Save the Paranormal specialist kit for the absolute worst situation. Every other kit is better against cult if you have a co-operative chaplain.
The Blueshield specialist kit has a unique jacket and suit.
Killing a head of staff will be a challenge, They all have unique weaponry.
Surgery is faster when your target is asleep! Make sure that you use anesthetics.
When attacking the captain, be very mindful of which weapons he has. A captain with a lance and a shotgun should be taken on differently than a captain with a rapier and dual pistols
Heads of staff cannot be antagonists. No easy mode traitors here.
If the Captain decides to change their naval rank to one other than their roundstart, it is the duty of the HOS, HOP, Security or Command to remove them from their position, and Exile them from the station 
In space, no one can hear you scream, so remember to always bring a headset or a radio
Don't try to kill Terry, he WILL whoop your ass.
While Dead Men Tell no Tales, Dead Men can pray to stop being dead if Gods seem it fitting.
Use Shift+Alt+Click to flip a table and use it as a barrier!
Like the old labcoats better? Hit up your local wardrobe. They're still there.
Check out the alt job titles on the job select menu!
When you reach 50 hrs in a job, you get a special new alt job title. Check it out in the menu!
Don't feel too bad about ahelping, do it whenever you feel like you're having a bad time.
Bring your friends!
Want to try coding? Stop by our discord!
Our normal runtimes are Wednesdays and saturdays 4pm GMT/12pm EST.
Alcohol is bad. Our headcoder once drunkingly decided to start their own server and you see where we are right now
If your idea has been rejected by the headcoder, start your own server! It's that easy!
Fly Me To The Moon is the best lobby music, don't let anyone tell you otherwise! - Kirie.
Remember to give the Headmin a pat on the head. She does a good job. - Kirie
Chiemi is precious and if anything happens to her I will kill everyone and then crash the server - One of the Admins
